fix: update enterprise sales URL from i.cal.com to go.cal.com (#22627)
calcom/cal.com: docs/developing/guides/appstore-and-integration/how-to-show-assigned-people-from-a-crm.mdx

By prefilling your booking link with ?email=name@acme.com our integration will look up who has spoken to name@acme.com before and skip all round-robin logic.

> Here is an example URL: go.cal.com/enterprise?email=name@acme.com

Author: ```suggestion
Here is an example URL: i.cal.com/sales/exploration?email=name@acme.com
```
